Deprecate Repo (#644)
2DegreesInvesting/PACTA_analysis: README.md

# PACTA_analysis (DEPRECATED)

> This repo is deprecated, with continuing work available at: https://github.com/RMI-PACTA/pacta.portfolio.analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo is deprecated, with continuing work available at: https://github.com/RMI-PACTA/pactaverse
```
